docs: Improve by updating number of gems in README.md (#82)
TheOdinProject/ruby-exercises: README.md

    gem install rspec

> You should see a message saying "6 gems installed" in your terminal. Verify that the installation was successful by simply running the following command:

Reviewer: When I test this locally, I saw a different number. The actual number doesn't matter, so what about changing the line to:
```suggestion
You should see a message that says something along the lines of "6 gems installed" in your terminal. Verify that the installation was successful by simply running the following command:
```

Author: makes sense. Thank you
